# Felicity - Event Management System

## Technologies & Libraries Used

### Frontend (React + Vite)
- **React (`react`, `react-dom`)**: Assignment mentions using MERN stack explicitely.
- **Vite**: Modern and fast as compared create react app
- **React Router DOM (`react-router-dom`)**: Handles client-side routing for navigating between dashboards, event details, and profiles without page reloads.
- **Fuse.js (`fuse.js`)**: fuzzy-search library for searching through events and organizers in the participant view events page.
- **Socket.io Client (`socket.io-client`)**: Enables real-time, bidirectional communication for team chat.
- **React Turnstile (`@marsidev/react-turnstile`)**: Cloudflare bot protection/CAPTCHA during authentication pages like register and login
- **HTML5 QR Code (`html5-qrcode`)**: Used by organizers to scan participant event tickets (QR codes) for attendance tracking.

### Backend (Node.js + Express)
- **Express (`express`)**: Assignment mentions using MERN stack explicitely.
- **Mongoose (`mongoose`)**: MongoDB schema definition and secure interaction with the NoSQL database.
- **JSON Web Token (`jsonwebtoken`)**: Used for securely transmitting information between frontend and backend as a JSON object, specifically for user authentication and authorization (stateless sessions).
- **Bcrypt (`bcrypt`)**: Password-hashing function before storing them in the database.
- **Socket.io (`socket.io`)**: Enables real-time socket connections for real-time team chat functionality.
- **Nodemailer (`nodemailer`)**: Module for sending emails from Node.js, for sending the qr code for the registered event as a notification.
- **QR Code (`qrcode`)**: Generates QR codes on the backend that are attached to participant tickets.
- **Dotenv (`dotenv`)**: Loads environment variables from a `.env` file.

## Justification for feature selection

### Part A
- **Hackathon Team registeration**: The idea of team makes it very exciting to code. I wanted to replicate something similar to unstop when it came to the registeration pages and hence adding teams made a lot of sense. It also allowed the creation of a new type of event rather than just normal and merchandise so it was a fun experience
- **QR Scanner & Attandance scanning**: Generating QRs were part of the necessary instructions and I couldnot think of any use of generating QR is they couldnot be used for something like attandance so just to justify the creation of QR and sending it to everyone via mail I thought of implementing this feature 

### Part B
- **Organiser Password reset window**: This is a bit silly but I kept forgetting password which was pseudorandom generated by the admin whereas the admin password was easy to remember so in order to make it easy to test I thought this could be a good feature to implement
- **Team Chat**: I had already thought of creating the hackathon team registeration and found this to be the next logical step to do hence prefered to do this.

## Part C
- **Bot Protection**: This was the easiest to implement and I was running out of time. The others had complex prerequisites like ensuring the event was concluded and you had attanded the event (attandance) in order to send anonamous feedback so I thought of doing the easier option.

## Assumptions
- The area of interests collected during onboarding is the same as the organiser category and can be set by the organiser in the profile page. Even though these are selectable during onboarding the user has to write them on their own in the profile page. 
- The clubs affect the order in which the events are shown but the area of interest has no real usecase in the project.
- Making sure the randomly generated password reaches the club is out of scope we assume the admin communicates separate from the system.
- The event can be marked as over/ concluded manually by the event organiser. That means that the event will continue to take attandance even though the date is past the event end date. It has to be manually stopped by the organiser.
